Update module.md, README.md and package.md (#7)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-persist.inmemory: README.md

  [![GitHub Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-persist.inmemory.svg)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-persist.inmemory/commits/main)
  [![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library/module/persist.inmemory.svg?label=Open%20Issues)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library/labels/module%2Fpersist.inmemory)

This library provides in-memory tables support for the `bal persist` feature, which provides functionality to store and query data conveniently through a data model.

> The `persist` command will make it easy to enable `bal persist` feature in a Ballerina project. With this support, users need not worry about the persistence in a project. Users can define an entity data model, validate the model and generate `persist` clients for SQL, which provide convenient APIs to store and query data in a data store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `persist` command will make it easy to enable `bal persist` feature in a Ballerina project. With this support, users need not worry about the persistence in a project. Users can define an entity data model, validate the model and generate `persist` clients for InMemory tables, which provide convenient APIs to store and query data in a data store.
```
